(reflective music)
In spite of the high stress and chaos factors
that are in place throughout the world right now,
it would do us well to understand that this cycle
is for purpose, to break old patterns in all ways.
Still, many of us are feeling hopeless and not inclined to
actively participate in creating our own reality.
Thom Rogers, a medical chiropractor and founder
of the Optimal Modification Institute,
accesses, evaluates, and helps balance energy fields.
This extends from human beings to corporations.
The greatest prevailing blockage to creating our good,
Thom says, is that we are not remaining
intently focused on what we wish to create.
Rather, we allow the chaos and negativity
to distract us form our own creation.
It's so wonderful to see you again Thom.
I always feel like a brother has returned when we see you,
even though it's been about three years.
But, one thing that really strikes me when we're just
having casual conversation even, is I'll bring up
any subject and your mind seems to be able to view it
holistically from 360 degrees, instantaneously.
So, whatever you've done by way of the work you do,
by way of, you know, a lifetime of meditation and such,
your brain seems to be incredibly flexible,
elastic if you will, in it's comprehension.
So I just had to say that because I'm always astounded.
It could be anything and your just brain is
360 right around it.
But, today we wanna talk about something that is, I think,
really important right now and our viewers know,
we've talked about this before, and that is
the whole subject of manifestation and moving beyond,
you know, the common kind of protocols that we've all
heard about or become accustomed to.
And, moving through a dynamic or a syrup, a medium of fear.
And the fear intention seems to be mounting and first,
I'd like you to address that directly about what you see
in your work with not just individuals and healing,
but with even companies, corporations,
CEOs on that medium we're in right now.
Well everybody gets affected, you know, and it's alive
right now, everyone's being affected in some way, shape,
or form or other, just because of the media and the
mass consciousness that's now been created from media
and the instantaneous ability to convey information.
People are picking up on things.
I would just reflecting on that the other day
and it's like, in the 60's, and I don't, hate wanna really
bring out my age here, but in the 60's
there's a lot rebellion going on and I enjoyed
and was swept up into it like many hundreds
of other thousands of people, where we were at a time
where the university system was expanding,
the ability of the student to have freedom of choice
and freedom of action and to a degree
that everyone started participating.
And, they were against the Vietnam war, it was,
many people that are alive today remember that time.
It was an incredible time, lots of anger,
the political system was trying to fall apart
and the war was just unbelievable in terms of.
And so, so many people were not only protesting,
but experimenting in drugs, the culture of music
starting with the Beatles and all of it broke
everything down to palpable minions.
And, people were just going through changes.
And, I myself was just forming my life,
going through college and getting exposed
to other countries and this protest going on.
And at one point it just seemed like
why would you even bother to try to create a future?
You're just caught up into the present and it's chaos.
And, what's gonna come out of the chaos?
And not having lived long enough, it was really quite
an interesting experience for me to go through.
And, there was fears and there was unrest and unsettlement
and I made kind of a false conclusion myself, that why
would you want to have this experience of not manifesting.
But it seemed like I felt like, why bother, what's the use?
Because of the uncertainty on all fronts.
Exactly.
Right.
And, as a young man I was like, I don't even know
what I'm doing in my life, should I do anything?
Well, this is sounding awfully familiar.
I have a 29 year old son, it's sounding very familiar
to what they're going through now it's springtime,
occupy movement is just starting to show it's head
and mount in energy again.
I know.
Jessica Murray,
who we've also interviewed who's really a lovely,
kind of deep astrologer, she said that those conditions
that existed int he 60's astrologically have come
full circle and we're experiencing
the same kind of cosmic influence now.
Very definitely and even more so,
because of the confluence of cycles and
I was just thinking, I mean, look at all the things
that we are contending with, apart from
whatever it is we're set out to do in life.
We have CO2 scares, we have caps supposedly melting,
we the magnetic forces of the earth supposedly decreasing.
We have tsunami waves that we've seen in our lifetime.
We have meltdowns on atomic levels
that we've seen in our lifetime.
Food problems with being tainted with poisons
and trying to go through chem trails and the heart projects
that are all over, there's several of them now on the earth.
Yes.
Have the ability and do
and can effect weather and climatic conditions.
We have earthquakes going on at high levels
that before had not been seen or recorded.
And, it just goes on, I could go through a whole list
of concerns right now that are affecting people's lives.
And, psychic waves that go through and the breakdowns
of our political systems in a sense are trying to happen
and many countries kind of coming apart by the seams.
Because of the breakdown in the economies
of the world.
Exactly.
And the, what's going on in the Arab countries,
just there's so much influence and so much
vast changes that are going on right now.
The monetary system is under tremendous stress
and people's families, they do not know really what to do.
Yeah, even if you're not dialed into that,
even if you've kept your life very simple
and you only put yourself around positive influences.
Oops, almost dropped my book.
Around positive influences and the like, the reality is that
is in the field and we're all being bathed in that soup.
Right, so again it comes back to the question, do I
manifest and do I continue to engage in my own creation?
And, the truth of it is is that, you know, in our self,
there's really no, it's a big illusion that we have
and deception that we have that there's
other states of consciousness that work
in our life other than our own.
We, our own states, are what determine and make our life.
And so, all of this is the serving ground for us
to come back and reclaim our own inner being.
And really get in touch with the mastery
of that part of our self, which is our self.
Right, because there's a fear that goes along
with this that geez with all this going on how could I,
even ifI wanted to choose a goal and a manifestation,
how can I admit to this and people become very defeated.
Yeah there is a lot of that going on.
There's no reason really to in the long run.
Cause it's just, this is all illusion.
That's right.
It's all illusion and we need to find our self
and become cause again in our life
and create the manifestations that are worthwhile to serve
the whole, look how the whole's serving us in other ways.
It gives us sunshine, photosynthesis.
It gives us a temperature zone
that we as humans can live in.
We have water, we have so many things
that have been given to us by the gift of the creator,
including our own being, which is a fragment
of that creation.
Right.
That's linked to that creation.
So, we have all this and we need, and are,
and in the process to giving that back and that's really
what life is becoming about, it's about
giving back to life what it's given to you.
And once you get into that service mode, everything changes.
Your whole life will shift, you know.
If you're not into service, you're missing the boat
right now, because service to other human life
and other types of animal life and plant life,
service to the earth, service to your family,
this is where it's at and we're being brought together
whether we know it or not.
More and more intentionally to have to do that,
because that's the way it's gonna be.
You know, people are moving home.
Yeah, exactly, kids moving home,
parents moving with kids.
Yeah, exactly and the thing is, what you
touched on a moment ago, this being our own creation.
It really doesn't matter (clears throat)
what the prevailing energy is around us and I think,
that's why I wanted to talk to you.
It's really important for people to understand it.
I personally feel fabulous in my own creation, my own life
feels absolutely fabulous amidst all this.
And, I know people and it's very specifically,
the people who have a clear will and a clear focus
of what they truly intend to do, open-hearted focus,
are not necessarily suffering in the same way many others
are suffering.
Right.
So, we need to go into the ramifications of what
I've just said there, manifestation using imagination.
Which is for me, that's how I create everything
is daydreaming and imagining the reality.
Imagining is making an image real.
Uh-huh.
And, you're imagining
the image is what you're doing.
And, we are free to choose our states and a lot of people
choose states and they're really sorry they did.
They don't know how to get out of them (laughs).
Right.
And, it's our choice.
But, that's our choice and we can change
our destinies by the choices that we make.
Absolutely, what is it about,
and I want you to really go into this whole notion
of imagination and the blockages.
You see every kind of blockage, whether it's
at a corporate level, or a personal, or a health level.
What is it within human beings that's going on
that we will not allow ourselves the fantasy.
People think of it as fantasy time to imagine
and use our imagination and really truly employ it
And, maybe give us some good examples too.
Oh there's, I have, if we had five hours.
Well, we can go through a couple anyway, but just
in theory and then a couple of situations you know about.
Well, let me just give you a, kind of a, I was watching
Forrest Gump the other night.
Oh yeah.
I love that.
It's probably about
fifth time I've watched it.
Love that film.
What I like about that is (clears throat),
as soon as he gets a notion, he just zeros in
and then, he's gone and he's into that notion.
He doesn't even bother to pack,
he's just into the next thing.
And, in a way he's willing to take, not even the risk,
he's just willing to go for it.
But, what I really liked in that movie the other day,
that really brings out the imaginative faculty
and how truthful it works, is he was on the,
there was a scene where he was on the balcony
of his mother's house, mother had already died,
and he was picturing Jenny, his childhood girlfriend,
coming back and he pictured her every night
and every night he could see, literally, her walking
into the front yard of the house
and then she would disappear in a vapor.
And he would talk to her.
He would talk to her, he made it so real,
his feeling of the wish fulfilled became so real,
that one day somehow, some way, she came out of her
whole past and came back and was walking into that yard
and his heart just opened and he had the greatest time
in his life until she left and she left the night before
and gave him, unknown to him, a baby
that was conceived.
Yeah.
And so, the imagery of his using his imagination
to go so far as to attract, bring forth life before the
mother died, to have this child then come into his life,
was all through the power of his imagination.
It was like perfect.
It was so beautiful.
It was perfect and that's really the way it works for us
after certain things are cleared or we stay with
the image long enough, feel it long enough,
keep our focus concentration long enough on it,
and repetitively do it, childlike manner, any way
during contemplations, during any time, but
keeping our imaginations active and alive.
Let's talk about how you break the,
what we normally go through.
Most people go through habitual loops of negative imagery,
self-talk and self-worth, negative imagery in their mind,
negative memories, negative reinforcement, which of course
just brings on more of the same.
Wherever your mind goes your life goes.
How does one begin shifting and give us maybe an example
of someone you've worked with.
More people, more people, there's, yeah.
More people have
lost touch with what they're saying
inside themself.
Yes.
And, to hear, you need to become a little conscious
to just start listening to what you're saying inside.
And, there's so many ways to get in touch with that
and to take it further and to, starting to let go
of some of the mental aberrations.
'Cause once you give a spoken word to something that goes
out into the universe, whether you want it to or not.
And, if you don't call it back in a certain period of time
it seems, it goes out and starts, sits on manifestation
as a thought form, so all these negative thoughts,
even though we don't see the cause and effect right away,
Just like sometimes when you want something positive
in your life, you don't see it right away.
There's a time element for everything to maturate.
Is it, do, I mean have you ever been able to
evaluate or calibrate that phenomena?
Does it happen, is it different in every situation
with every person or is there an actual
kind of calibration to that?
Well, sure you can calibrate the resistances, the burdens.
You can calibrate the degree of (clears throat)
percent of lack of realization toward if it is a goal
or a positive thing you're trying to bring into your life.
You can collapse time and you can also clear
some of the aberrations that have lead up to that
just through the work that we do.
And that does help to facilitate the manifestation, in a
quicker time period often and certainly in the health state.
I mean, a person can regain their health much more quickly,
'cause this is a big, big component.
So, you're kind of reversing
those negative patterns that have been set out there.
You're balancing, or correcting, or negating them
with that kind of energetic work that you and others
in various other modalities are doing when you're
intercepting the actual thought forms
and starting to correct from there.
But, meanwhile most people don't have the advantage of that.
They're just putting them out there, every negative thing
that's ever happened, same story, same thought, same words
day after day in one's mind, it's a horrible prison.
You know, by the time you're 35,
there's been studies now that show that
your thought patterns are pretty much in habitual form.
Your structure of your life has been set up.
Your cell level and memory levels are set up.
And, you're pretty much (clears throat) gonna go down
a certain road and you're gonna have a recycled version
of the past basically.
Oh that's depressing.
Or, what do they call it, a default, you know.
But, it is depressing but you know what?
You can see it, there is something that happens
and sets in with different kind.
Individuals who have these elastic, open minds
and open hearts do not even age the same way.
True.
And so,
this is part of what you're talking about.
So, here's some things that are just practical
that I've found over the years, if you're saying a thought,
take that and wad it up in your mind's eye
and throw it in a waste basket or burn it or, put it into
an imagined, what do they call those little shredders.
Yes, a paper shredder.
Or, just say cancel clear and that'll
help to release the thought form.
But, you have to first.
As it comes up in the moment, but you be aware of it.
You have to catch it, yeah.
But, it's a process of awakening and everyone can do this
if they want to and they want to improve their life.
So, before we even go into
the beautiful imaginings, or simultaneously let's say,
we have to give ourselves permission.
We have to, what I'm hearing you say is, be aware enough
to catch, oh there's that same worn out old thought that
bores me stiff and has no purpose,
it's not leading anywhere, you have to recognize it.
So, is that a matter of putting your intention out
to your own being, your own consciousness?
Make me aware when these habituated thoughts start again.
Yes, absolutely.
Which will be
in one minute or less.
Absolutely.
I mean, and it's an active state
that you have to participate in.
We do find a lot of shifts in people's attitudes
and viewpoints which reflect some of
that energy when we work with them.
And, in corporations there's just a tremendous amount
of this that goes on because they employ
so many people and there are so many
different people involved in the process.
So, we're constantly helping the process
by helping to unload I guess you might say, a lot of
these types of interferences and give rise to the envision
of a goal, or the manifestation of a mission in a company.
Yeah and so, on an individual level,
as you work with both, we have to and let's say,
the person is, whoever is watching this right now
and wants to start utilizing this,
to really start re-patterning the way
they're expressing their will in the world.
So, we start by stopping the negative self-talk
as best we can and you say cancel clear,
get rid of that thought, wad it up, throw it away, whatever.
And then, at the same time we can, we need to be convinced
that it's not a waste of our time to daydream
and begin imagining a finished outcome.
And, can you talk about that process?
Well, first it's good to be able to control your attention
and most people will find that their attention
is just like the TV, it's just every three seconds
it's on something else and a controlled attention
is really, really important.
I mean, if you don't, and it's a practice and you know,
it's a practice toward mastery.
And, once you'll be able to control your attention,
you also have to be able to enter into the feeling
of a wish fulfilled, or feeling of the instate,
what we call the transformed two state
where you're actually in the space long before
maybe it's happening physically,
but you're experiencing every little aspect of that.
There was a boy that, it was a young boy,
and he wanted a dog so much.
He was living with his grandmother
'cause his parents, I think were gone
and so his grandmother was bringing him up.
He wanted the dog so bad, at any cost,
and grandmother said no, she just could not go there.
It was all she could do to raise the boy.
And, I think she had a fear of dogs and so on.
So, I mean it wasn't even in the question
and this little boy didn't hear the grandmother.
He just wanted the dog and he kept wanting it
and wanting it and he kept picturing it.
And, one day he entered a contest of writing.
It was a school contest and it was like,
why do you want a dog or something like,
or what do you love about dogs or something.
He wrote among hundreds of other participants
and they picked him as the winner.
And so, they spotlighted him in the community
and on a community level, you know,
on the newspaper and about how he won
and his essay and they awarded him a prize
and the prize was a dog.
How'd grandma go down with this thing?
And, grandma of course was swept up
into all the other beings around that were just
so wanting this boy to have this dog.
And, she was still like no, no, no, no,
but she was starting to break down,
not because of what he could do, but because
of what he had done in his imagination that created this.
And finally, you know, because of all the photographers
that came and the press releases and you know,
things that were put in the paper, she gave in
and finally said okay.
And, he went to get his dog and it was the dog
that he pictured, it was a collie.
Oh, is that right?
And that was the dog that he wanted to give him.
That was how the universe was conspiring
to help him.
So specifically.
And, I just, people need to know there are
thousands of stories like this.
I could go through and spend hours telling you
story after story after story, watching how the imagination
was able to bring forth a result that was beyond
the current circumstances of your life.
And, very literally even.
And what's, you know, as I'm listening to you, one thing
that's popping into my mind is that's a child, that's a boy.
Right.
Uh-huh.
And children have this incredible ability
because they haven't been programmed to the same extent.
True.
They don't have
the same kind of considerations.
Oh, I'm gonna have to buy the dog food
and I'm gonna have to sweep the hair up
in the corners of the room and so forth.
They just want.
Yeah.
We let those other filters come in.
How do we clarify that pure desire, as adults,
that are always allowing their mind
to take other things into consideration?
Well, a good thing is, one thing is saying to yourself,
all thoughts, words, and actions are done
in the name of the highest and declaring that every day
and maybe multiple times throughout the day if necessary.
That helps and I've also found, for me,
(clears throat) excuse me,
I have found for me that singing the song of Hu, H-U,
has also been an uplifting state to get me above my mind.
And, once I feel like I'm in my self as soul.
Which is who are.
Right.
You can then have a better space of being able to
look at your mind and from a distance and you
are able to make more changes rather than be stuck in a
pattern, see patterns will actually work themselves out.
What is the song of hu?
H-U, it's a song that you can sing
to yourself with great love.
If you look at the word human it's the first two letters
of our word, of who we are, human.
And that's where it came from.
Does it have a particular tonality to it?
It's a universal, yeah you can actually sing it
in any song, in any note, any note that you want.
And it's sung like a chant, like
♫ hu ♫
And then, again and again and again.
Okay, good thank you for sharing that
because that's something we can all access.
Yeah it is and it's a frequency.
It's a wonderful frequency, it brings great love,
it can bring peace and healings and it helps re-right
situations that may not be right when you need the help.
So, it must be a very high frequency
that's balancing it out.
Very high frequency.
Allows soul to basically get free from the mind
and being able to, you know, start to create it's own
essence and it's own pain.
Okay now, you've talked about the little boy,
we talked about innocence, and clearing it with hu
if you have too active a mind.
But now we're looking at say larger things,
say you own a business or you have a family
that is in a state of dysfunction and you're looking
at group kind of will and working together,
which you do all the time with very large corportation
to bring them into harmony for optimization of results.
And, how does that work with the will, intention and vision?
Well, I'll give you an example.
There was a company in Colorado and they were
in real estate, a big, big, big, huge potential contract
was coming up in front of their eyes.
It involved large parcels of land being able
to be sold and bought from different people
and sold to another person and major conflicts
of the land owners around the area, because they didn't
want certain changes that could happen to happen
and they were not willing to let go of their pieces
unless certain things were stipulated.
And, the buyer was not open to that
and it was like these two huge beings trying to, you know,
come to terms and it was like, maybe 2% possibility
or 1% possibility it was actually going to come to fruition.
Too much disharmony.
Right and they contacted me during that time
(clears throat) and we started working with the whole entity
of all these components and low and behold.
Did you work with both sides?
(clears throat) No, we didn't have permission
to work with the, we only had permission to work with
the realtor who was representing the buyer.
Okay.
And also,
He may have been representing the seller,
but we could only work within the confines of him.
Okay.
'Cause we didn't have
permission from the other individuals,
so we just worked with all the other things
as a, what we call a constituent subset.
Yeah.
And, we were able to
release all the different blockages
that came up around the sale and get into
just the most optimum state of alignment.
And, even though these people didn't think
there was much of a chance, they were hoping down deep
that there was a chance, but it was so slim.
And yeah, because of the work that we did,
and we did intensive work over a couple weeks,
that contract actually went 180.
And, everybody finally agreed that it was
an impossible thing just a week or two before.
And, that brought in half of their whole income
for the whole year from just this one sale,
this company's you know, it was huge.
That's an amazing story,
but what I'm hearing you say is that this person,
this one that contracted you to work with them,
was able to go into a greater state of coherence,
into a higher frequency, and somehow it magnetized, yeah.
It affected the rest, even the other people unconsciously
started tuning to this higher potential outcome.
That's exactly what happened and that's just one
of hundreds of examples we could talk about.
So, let's talk about it in a family.
Have you ever worked with family dynamics?
I have actually, I hadn't prepared to say anything
about that, but absolutely, I mean family is an incredible
group of souls, coming together to work things out.
Well, some of them, like we said, moving back in
with each other and maybe haven't worked things out yet.
Let's talk about some of what you've done,
maybe what you've seen, maybe even an example.
I love examples.
In family, yeah, most of my examples
were centered around healings and things like that.
Yes.
You know, I would have to
go back in and remember some of.
Yeah, just kind of give us theoretically, some
of what you see happen when one person is really attuned.
Well, we've seen a lot of dysfunction in families
when they are trying to cohabitate together and
with a willingness of the family's part, we've worked,
you work with the family as an entity, so the entity
is the family energy and then all the subsets are the,
you know, the mom, dad, and kids and even animals.
And so, we can address that energy, or the entity,
what we call it, of the family just like we address
the entity of a company or the individual, the control
systems within an individual as a health participant.
And, we can address the family, we do address the family
as an entity and what happens is that there's
quite a bit more harmony.
It doesn't work out everybody's stuff completely,
but the harmony and the alignment starts to get
better and better.
People either become part of that new harmony,
or they put more resistance and then kind of back out
to where they're not part of the group.
That could happen, too.
You know, it's not just one way.
In the case of company, employees might leave if they're
not in harmony with the mission or the goals and the
intentions that the company is now furthering
and putting into motion.
So let's talk about how one person,
I mean it's really one person, that usually will contact
you to work with them, but let's say this one person
who is watching and maybe can't contact you for
whatever reason, and their family is in disharmony,
or their relationship is in disharmony,
how can they work within themselves, and I know
we already talked about this a little bit, but how can they
work within themselves to shift a dynamic
within the whole.
We try to give them a little homework, and there's
a lot of things that you can do.
In the business world we have what we call the
optimal outcome, with in individual we just ask them
to start looking at the picture of where they
really want to be.
And you have to feel.
Yeah, we give them a whole lot of awareness, and we
also help them with the conscious languaging of how
they can see that picture.
And once the pictures clarified, and we call that the
transform to state, the state that they're trying
to move into.
Then we tell them, don't try to move into it,
just occupy it, just like the occupy Wall Street,
just keep occupying it, occupying the space,
and let that imagination and the feeling
and play with it, and if you do your part
on this bigger picture, you know, of what you're
moving into, and maybe other individuals, say in
the case of family, do their part, and when we
do our part, what we do, it just keeps furthering
the potential of the creation.
And so, yes, you can bring families into more harmony,
it's not impossible.
It's a big thing to make changes.
Oh yeah, it is, I mean you can't expect
perfection, you're not gonna have people just
turn around on a dime.
But you can get a lot more function going
and coherency, you know, in a family.
So is it fair to say that as you,
again, create this state of higher, finer, brighter
energies, or coherence within yourself, within your
emotional being, within your mind, that
the more discordant frequencies will often give way
to the more coherent frequencies?
Is that how this works energetically?
Well, that's definitely one intrament pattern
that has, starts to happen, absolutely.
I mean it is, it's really amazing, I mean, like I
worked with a lady who, she had no use of her,
no ability to use her legs after a certain point
after several weeks.
Her legs would start to get so weak
that she couldn't use them.
What was wrong with her?
Some type of an autoimmune disease.
Okay.
So she would go in every month for a
blood plasma injection of ten thousand dollars.
Oh my god.
At the tune of ten to 12 thousand dollars, and she was
doing this for a year before I saw her.
So she came to me and we found the disharmonies
going on and what was causing the autoimmune
issue, and very, probably about six months of just
working with her, she started to get better and better.
The infusions went longer and longer, like six, eight weeks,
and then ten weeks apart and so on.
Then one day, it was gone.
Was it an emotional issue?
There were emotions involved, and there almost always
are in autoimmune, cause you're attacking your own
self in an autoimmune disease.
It's the body trying to get you to see that you're doing
something to yourself.
And yeah, she had to work on certain things, and
there was so many different faucets, of course, that
you can do in the healing work, things like this.
But the point is, is that even in these type of deeper
situations, you can bring harmony back into a field.
In this case if was a field of her nerve system in her legs.
And you see this a lot.
All the time.
I mean that's what you do, of course.
That's why people come back, because you see this,
you're effective at facilitating the harmonization
of these energies again.
Now, this is a little off topic, but
I just wanna toss this out there.
We are ad the Edgar Cayce Institute recently, A.R.E.,
back in Virginia Beach and I, of course, am a great
appreciator of what came through Edgar Cayce
during those 40 years of his life.
One thing that struck me as I was reading some
of the books, and reading his biography by Sidney
Kirkpatrick, was there seemed to be not only emotional
involvement, but often times, the cerebrospinal
involvement in the strangest ways where someone
would be going blind and they would say oh well
that was bump that occurred to the spine when
the child was six years of age and maybe there was a
pooling of some kind of fluids between a couple
discs or whatnot.
But, shockingly, over and over and over, people
are looking for what's going on in their body, and
it kept going back to the spinal column.
And I know, you know a lot about the spinal column.
What is it going on within the being, the psyche,
the spirit, the soul, the fluids, and spinal system?
How does this play into our reality?
Well, it's a lot because the way spirit gets stepped
down to the different levels of life, and then we
run it through a physical body.
It animates your physical body,
whether you look at it through a meridian standpoint
or from a neurological standpoint, it is the life force
coming down into your bioelectric force.
And it records everything that ever happens to you
in your existence, basically.
They're all little memories.
And along with these memories, are physiological states
that happen.
In the case of the cerebrospinal fluid, which is a pump
between the sacrum and the brain, it's constantly
going through the spinal column, through the
meninges and out through the nerves.
That can be disrupted in any type of shock,
or trauma, or anything.
That can go into a memory state along with everything else.
A lot of times, you unquirk these memories and then the
physiologies change with them.
So that's why you were so big on
osteopathy in the day?
Yeah.
It makes sense, I mean, chiropractic.
Yeah, oh absolutely.
I mean to free neurological interference
or meridian interference, it's a huge step, and a big
contribution toward healing and toward, even,
in the nerve system of a company.
If you can imagine, we actually do adjustments,
it's on a whole other level, but it has a template of
seeing this central nerve system come through the company.
So what I'm seeing here is, look at what's
happening culturally, is there is a big movement,
certainly in the United States and other countries
as well, toward embracing yoga as a normal part
of our lifestyle now.
The beauty of that is that you're constantly flexing
and adjusting the spinal column and making,
allowing these fluids to move more easily.
So when were talking about, maybe there's a much larger
picture is what I'm saying, that when we're looking
at going into coherence on a psycho spiritual,
emotional level to create an outcome in our own lives
or in a group situation, the mere fact that we might be
participating in yoga and freeing these blockages
within our, even within our spine and breaking free
these memories on that level could be feeding into this.
I mean it's all feeding each other.
Oh yeah, these are all very complimentary to it.
One of the things when you're in the manifestation,
one of the things that is so important is to reach
a point of stillness, after you form your desire and
everything, you go into this point of stillness or just
physical immobility.
During that time, you can access and then from there
you can spin out and allow some of the transformation
to take place.
It's the same thing in yoga, and other things
where you get to a certain stillness, you
release certain tensions of the body.
At the end, you always do the still practice.
Yeah, and out of that stillness is a very valuable part
of your, a moment in your life where out of that,
then can come the changes that you're trying to manifest.
So that's why a yoga teacher always says
be aware that this moment of stillness at the end of the
class is just as important as all the work you've just done.
And you're explaining why that is true.
Interesting, okay, one thing we were going to talk about,
I wrote down here because we all do it, and within
the patterns of stuckness we're talking about, is this
notion of a Law of Assumption that goes on.
Yeah, that's huge, the Law of Assumption,
I mean that is life itself, that is the mastery of life.
If you want to master life you master the Law of Assumption.
It's you that creates your assumptions, and whatever
you're living out in your outer life, right now,
it's the assumptions that you've made in the past.
The Law of Assumption is something that you must
pay attention to.
What are you assuming in your own consciousness?
This is the means for you to ultimately become
master of your existence.
If you can control your attention and bring enough feeling
and enter into this whole assumptive process
you can build yourself out of any situation,
you can move your corporation or company further
than where it's at right now, and you can move yourself
into a state of health in ways that you hadn't.
But you have to form certain assumptions, and that
goes into the the consciousness, and once you
impregnate them with the feelings and other things,
huge changes take place.
Give us an example of someone kind of,
say an assumption that an individual or a company had.
And I've had you write down a couple of examples
over there so that you can easily access them
cause you've done thousands of these.
It's like me when people say, "What's your favorite
interview you've ever done".
Oh my god, I have so many.
So if you can find an example of where assumption
has really blocked someone and the freeing
of that has helped.
Well an example, yeah, there's a lot of examples.
I mean I look at my own life, you know, and I had
certain assumptions lets say going back to the Vietnam Era,
and I had certain assumptions that
I didn't know what I wanted to do because I was in such
an array of confusion.
I started to rebuild my life again after I did enough
journaling, I started to say, "What do I really want
to do in my life, what do I want to manifest"?
And it came back to I started to create
certain assumptions.
Well, I want to create something with my hands.
I'm not a tool person, I don't go out and build thing much.
I want to do something with my hands.
I want to do something where my mind can stay
very much engaged in life, and learning, and whirling.
I want to have something that's mobile enough
wherever I am on the earth, I can do this,
whatever skill it would be, with me.
Out of those assumptions, formed my connections
to chiropractic, which then I went on to get my doctorate,
and went on to do practice in, for you know,
the last 25 years.
It was those assumptions that started my life down this path
and it took me a while to get em, but when I got to the
assumption of who I was and what I was wanting
to accomplish, then everything fell into, but it was
the power of the assumption that led me down that path.
Now, when I'm listening to you,
what's the difference between an assumption and
an intention, then?
Because it sounds like that's, or a desire even.
An intention is the formation of a desire.
Okay.
And the assumption is the realization.
You're bringing yourself into the now moment.
You can't do any assumption in the future or the past,
you can only bring it and control it in the moment
of the now.
Once you do that, everything starts to click.
It's interesting, and you know, this whole
notion of assumption was really hitting me when I was
traveling, I was traveling a lot the last couple of weeks,
and you're on airplanes, and sitting in airports,
and I love to just watch people go by.
I'm a great people watcher.
Sometimes, you find yourself going into an assumption,
i.e. Judgement about someone.
You know, you assess them and the way they're
speaking and one, there was this one for example,
it really got me going.
There was this fellow sitting across from me, and he
was very kind of frightening looking, you know really
severe got, and tattoos on the head, shaved, and
tattoos everywhere on his body, and had a very
harsh looking demeanor.
He pulls his cell phone out, and he calls home.
Hello pumpkin, hi sweetie pie, how's the little baby doing?
Give her a little, and he went, everything was some kind,
a term of endearment, and just the most beautiful
sweet words flowing from this man's mouth that was
nothing like what you would think, cause he put on
this scary exterior and it hit me, how often we
take ourselves down into a negative place by making
an assumption about someone else when we could
just as readily assume something beautiful in that person.
Just for fun.
It changes your whole energy feel though, your openness,
your receptivity, so I'd assume everyone that walked by,
I assumed oh that thing under their arm,
maybe they created a beautiful piece of artwork.
See it's your state of consciousness,
and nothing can be, nothing can come to you
unless it's through your own state of consciousness.
You have to open that state, you have to earn the right,
almost, to have that state of consciousness
by investing in it, not spending it, but investing
your time and your energy into it.
Your consciousness is everything, that is what then starts
to change the outer reality.
The whole idea is that people look at facts, and they
think that's it, but it's the subjective interior that opens
up that whole ballgame.
What it was a whole different feeling when I
thought why did I assume just because someone is
trying to look tough that they are tough.
That's an assumption that's so wrong.
I mean everybody has tattoos anyway, now.
I mean, obviously, but he was just extra scary looking,
and in fact, this was one of the sweetest sounding
people I had ever heard.
Judgments, judgments.
Yeah, and so if we assume the best,
as soon as I realized that, my heart lifted, my evergy
field lifted, and I felt wonderful even though I thought
wow, that was a shotty thought on my part.
I was assuming the worst of this guy when if fact,
this guy is delightful.
That made me look at others that way.
Now, I'm going around with kind of a buzzy glowing
energy because I'm choosing to imagine or assume
the best of people.
You know, it's interesting how you create
your reality as whatever you're seeing.
This all goes back to quantum physics, your clefts,
and these quantum fields, by how you're seeing.
And so when you saw that man in a whole different
light, you collapsed a whole different field that then
allowed more flow between you and him as well.
You helped to define a new reality in your consciousness.
That's the transformed two state, basically what we call.
Expand on that a little bit
for all of our use, here.
Yeah, the transform from state is where you're at
right now in your consciousness, and all that you think,
believe is true, and so on.
Your transform to state is the imagined state of now
you have realized the changes that you're intending.
The transform to state carries resistances and burdens as
well to reach into that reality but that's the very nature,
the core, of the work that we do, and to support the
individual on their own, as well to move into the states.
And it really is to our advantage.
States of consciousness.
Yes, and the defense mechanism
that we've taken on individually and collectively in the
western world of cynicism
is really a distroyer in that sense.
I mean we've seen movies, and characters,
and read about characters in books that are
eternally optimistic.
There was a cute little British film called
Happy Go Lucky that was out a couple of years ago.
The girl was just hopelessly optimistic, and of course,
half the people that watched the movie thought
what a moron that she'd be so optimistic when
clearly things aren't going her way, and of course,
the other half think you go, you're able to keep it up
even when things aren't going your way, which of course,
ultimately they did.
But this mass cynicism being fed by all these factors
we talked about in the very beginning of our interview,
including media, somehow we have to unplug
from the cynicism.
Well, at some point, you get to the point where you
realize that it's just you.
Yes.
And your own whole world is what you're creating
inside yourself, it's not about all the facts and all the
things that are outside you, and the illusion is all these
other people that you see around you are outside you,
they're not.
They have a fragment of the light, just as you do,
and that light all comes in through these shining,
incredible sheets of light in the inner worlds known,
as some people refer to, as the god head.
We're all connected, it's just an illusion that we're,
and there are some great forces on the Earth now
trying to move our financial systems and other means now
toward the ends that are being described.
Good things trying to happen, and it's all come
because we are connecting back into our humanity.
There's been forces that have been just driven
us the opposite direction as a life form on the Earth.
We're trying to bring that all back, now, and the people
that are holding that space are like
this person that you said.
There's more negativity than positivity in this world
only in the sense of the way that this world
and matter is formed.
But, the people who are making breakthroughs and
transcending parts of themselves and so on, these are
the people who are lifting the consciousness to make
these new possibilities happen, even in this dense,
physical world.
And even though a lot of the younger people
feel helpless and hopeless, like you did back during
those times, there is still a different level of
consciousness that's flowing through the younger
generations now as a result of what they were born into.
What they chose to be born into.
So somehow, I don't know how to even articulate it,
even if they don't have hope that they're going to find
a job anytime soon, and forget owning a house, and so on.
What is this thing I'm detecting that's flowing through them
and through us that's somehow shining through anyway?
Well they have a lot of flexibility,
I have never seen kids with more flexibility that are
growing into young adults as the new generation
that's here now, and they have the advantage that we
didn't have, in some ways, being connected up
technologically.
That can be a disadvantage, too, but a lot of these kids,
though, they're really growing and maturing into a way
of having great flexibility.
The more flexibility you have in your view point in life,
the more you'll be able to kind of move through it
with greater ease or at least with greater flow.
That's a quality of soul, too.
It has a 360 view point and these kids are coming in, and
they're seeing a lot more, and they're conscious of
a lot more, and the possibility, and they are
basically, their experience is going to be to kind of
unravel the experience that our generations have created,
and to bring forth a whole other energy.
Who knows what that'll end up like, but there is no
ending, it just keeps continuing and unfolding,
It will be a great interest to see if the younger
generation steps up and creates a whole, kind of new,
way of relating in the universe compared to what we've had.
Maybe there's not as much self judgment,
and maybe everybody texting out the lmao and so forth,
maybe it's just don't take it so seriously.
Okay, things look crumby right now, but who cares,
hey meet me and let's party or whatnot.
That maybe there's just a little loser attachment,
where in the 60's people took the Vietnam War
and what was going on deeply seriously.
I mean, we know some of the events,
people were willing to put their lives on the line for it.
The occupying movement is doing that as well, but there's
still a different quality, it's a lighter quality,
there's more of a holistic desired outcome it seems, now.
Maybe so, and this whole idea of occupying Wall Street,
as I said earlier, occupy the state of consciousness
in you that has the vision, and the creative imagination,
and control your attention, and put it into
the wish fulfilled, and put it there, and that's
where you're gonna get, and once you're involved in the
creation process and the manifestation processes, you'll
feel like you're partnering with life.
It's a whole different level of feeling, you feel more
connected, you feel more certain, and you're happier
too, because you've learned some of the secrets of
manifestation on larger levels.
I didn't use to understand the artist, and when I was young,
but now I understand that they're just creating, and
creating, and creating.
They're trying to establish form in their lives, too,
and structure through that.
The creational process, we must never give it up,
no matter what station in life that we're at, the
creation process, the imagined states, we can always
take ourselves to another level or to another state
of consciousness and we're constantly trying to satisfy
all these different states.
We have a verascious appetite, and we're trying
to appease that appetite by going through these
different states.
After a while, you realize that anger doesn't work anymore.
After a while, you realize that maybe I'm not the victim,
maybe I need to take control of my life, maybe it's my
states of consciousness that are the important thing,
maybe if I changed myself other things will take place.
That's where we need to focus, we need to do our
homework, and we need to start getting ourselves out
and serving life more in whatever ways that we're drawn to.
You know, helping the other person, a part of ourself,
have that outflow, helping our health, return ourself
to a sense of sanity in our own body, and clear up
some of our health states.
Most of these health states are driven by just anxieties,
and fears, programming that you took on from the past
and our culture of food, etcetera.
On that note, Thom, I think you've pretty much
done the perfect full circle on this conversation unless
there's something else you want to interject, I just love
what you said, that really encapsulates all of it.
Well, I have about five more hours.
Well since we can't do that right now,
in lieu of five more hours, is there any other kind of
encapsulating statement beyond that,
that you'd like to share.
Yeah, there's gotta be something more.
I know you have some notes over there.
I didn't get to say everything I wanted to say, but
in the facilitation process that I do, we do use scaler
technologies, we do use repetitive forms of being able,
on a larger level, to come in and reinforce
the intentions that are set forth within an individual
for their health, or within a company for their success
and prosperity.
It's a huge thing, to be able to work with, and gifts, that
we've been able to work with the more advanced ways
of helping speed the process up a little bit and
regaining your health, helping speed the process up
in a company going through it's transformations
and it's changes, and
this is the way that I serve.
As a facilitator, facilitating the empowerment, facilitating
the consciousness, and facilitating possibilities that
exist in everyone.
And you've been doing so beautifully for
many years now, and on that note, thank you so much.
It's been wonderful talking with you, again.
Thank you.
His words rang very true for me, I simply daydream
my outcomes by being persistent in what I want,
gently living it forward, as it were, until the moment
feels as real as this very moment.
To lean more about Thom's work, please feel free
to watch our previous interview where he goes into
the mechanics of the energy fields
we're all bathed within.
To reach Thom, you can go to his website at
thomasrogersdc.com for personal communication.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.